hey everybody welcome to chaparral today
we're gonna feature attire by
Bridgestone now these are the m203 and
2:04 front and rear tire now this is a
soft these are soft intermediate tires
now all you motocross enthusiasts can
choose from one tire for top performance
in all conditions from that rainy day
mud or sand right through to clay hard
medium or soft terrain let's face it we
all want what sit we all want the same
thing when it comes to choosing a tire
that's the perfect ratio of traction to
tread the east m203 front and the 2:04
rear motocross tires are purposely built
to perform without outstanding without
standing grip and traction for
exceptional slide control and even the
tightest corners now the front tire
design technology benefits an on broad
range of soft and intermediate terrain
of applications it also improves great
grip traction with the directional
pattern for rotation to enhance
stability and increase braking power now
on the other hand the M 204 rear now
this tire now the rear has the tall
tread blocks with shoulder steps that
increase base angle radiuses for
reliable stability and and durability in
a broad range of abusive soil conditions
now both these tires will improve grip
traction mats with new available sizing
adapting the demands of today's
four-stroke engines so if you haven't
tried it a set of these you need to come
down and check it out because you're not
going to be disappointed with the
Bridgestone M 203 and 204 they look
amazing they handle amazingly well
they'll not chunk they will not round
off the edges prematurely all around
great motocross tire for any types of
conditions now as always at chaparral we
have our low price
guarantee if you find a lower advertised
price on a in stock item from any US
authorized dealer call us or email us
we're gonna match any verifiable price
now for more on these bridge domes or
the Bridgestone lineup of tires and more
on that low price guarantee check out
our website chaparral that's racing calm
your destination for anything and
everything motorsports thanks for tuning
in now get out there and enjoy your ride